hello jump Omega nice to meet you too
love it
yeah come on okay a little bit against
my really I'm looking bigger what do you
normally watch now I give up a sick
train this morning they kicking back
would you don't watch other telly I
think when I come in here just I sit
down I would I'm always on the spot
Tanya yeah sometimes or it's a bit of
MTV and stuffing a bit of some some
movies as well so yeah this is quite
relaxing area for me well so mostly I
stay in my room sometimes I guess I need
to sleep after training and then I come
down here oh my gosh there's a way I
have a bit of like a cinema and I watch
some movies so you don't you don't get
bogged down with any afternoon daytime
TV British TV you don't want things like
countdown no no no I used to what's gone
down before cuz of someone but now I
start watching okay see ya you better
the words of the numbers hide like to
watch yeah I used to watch when I was
her name I was lucky no shake for Carol
Vorderman for chilli no change my
generation now I've seen what flora
Malouda does on the drums it's a bit
special
now let's say that girls go on the LG
wine okay let's see what other no I'm
thirsty as you can see again takeaway
food right now I was thinking this must
be some sort of nutritionist is
chemistry but this is takeaway still
take away stuff this is my my pool area
you know this is where we come sometimes
you know spend time here swimming so
it's like how he could have warm down
there yeah I can get you how to walk
down here you know
from all warmed up session I saw a cow I
want to do they go I'll definitely take
that off